add Greene et al (10.1109/MC.2023.3327653) (AI IRB NISTr) (#15)
TLP-COI/awesome-tlp: readme.md

- 📘 [ISO 14224:2016](https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/#iso:std:iso:14224:en) - Bases for the collection of reliability and maintenance (RM) data for equipment in oil and gas industry.

## Human Centric TLP Research

> - 📃 [Avoiding Past Mistakes in Unethical Human Subjects Research: Moving From Artificial Intelligence Principles to Practice](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/10417823) - a brief history of the events that prompted today’s ethical codes to protect human rights in research, key ethical principles from the Belmont Report, and how these ethical principles apply to AI research.

Author: @MKDJr is it having a problem with `today's`?

Author: ```suggestion
- 📃 [Avoiding Past Mistakes in Unethical Human Subjects Research: Moving From Artificial Intelligence Principles to Practice](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/10417823) - a brief history of the events that prompted today's ethical codes to protect human rights in research, key ethical principles from the Belmont Report, and how these ethical principles apply to AI research.
```

dang it was the pdf copy, it was using nonstandard symbols `’` vs `'` that was nasty...
